Vignette and render (#347)
insightsengineering/teal.reporter: vignettes/teal-report-class.Rmd

### Adding reproducible code chunks

> `teal_report` inherits all methods from `teal.data`. Class utilizes `within()` and `teal.code::eval_code()` which execute arbitrary code in its environment. Consider this as executing code chunk in Rmarkdown document. In the same
> time you can access objects created during code execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`teal_report()` inherits all methods from `teal.data::teal_data()`. The class supports `within()` and `teal.code::eval_code()`, which execute arbitrary code in its environment. Consider this as executing a code chunk in a Rmarkdown document.
In the same time you can access objects created during code execution.
```
